                    JOB SCHEDULER COMMERCIAL LICENSE

  1. GENERAL
This Software License Agreement (hereinafter "this Agreement") is a legal 
agreement between you, the customer or licensee (either an individual or a 
legal entity that directly or indirectly acquires this Software for 
installation on its application/system) and SOS GmbH. The copyright of this 
software (hereinafter "the Software" or "Job Scheduler") and its associated 
documentation (including any files, source code, images, photographs, 
animations and text incorporated into the Software) as well as any 
accompanying written materials is owned by SOS GmbH ("the Owner" or "SOS") 
whose registered office is at Giesebrechtstr. 15, 10629 Berlin, Germany, and 
is protected by German copyright laws and regulations and, as far as these are 
implemented into German law, by international treaties.

By downloading, installing, copying or otherwise using the Software, you 
agree with the Owner to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
which will govern your use of the Software. If you do not agree to this 
Agreement, do not download, install or use the Software. Any offence against 
this Agreement will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. You will be 
held responsible for any employees or users who receive the Software and in 
turn make unauthorized copies.

You may copy the Software to another disk or media, for the purpose of backup 
protection only in the event of a system wide crash. Installation of the 
Software onto a system that you use means, that you have accepted and agreed to 
the terms that govern the use of copyrighted software.

Should one of the provisions of this Agreement be or become ineffective, this 
shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement.

You should carefully read the following terms and conditions before using the 
Software.


  2. GRANT OF LICENSE
SOS grants to you and you accept, subject to the terms and conditions set out 
in this Agreement, a nonexclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, and 
revocable right to use the Software solely and strictly in accordance with 
the following conditions and restrictions. You hold full responsibility for 
assuring that all users of the Software provided access under the provisions 
of the Software license adhere to all provisions and prohibitions of this 
Agreement.

Server License. Use the Software on 1 (one) physical or virtual machine in an 
Intranet/Extranet, or over an Internet installation. The use is limited to 
the number of server licenses bought with/for the Software. Absent a purchase 
of additional server licenses, this Software may be used only on the licensed 
physical or virtual machine. One server license is required for each physical 
or virtual machine running your application/system which embeds Job Scheduler. 
Licenses for additional servers can be bought from SOS. It does not matter 
how Job Scheduler is technically separated from your application/system. 
Regardless of where or how Job Scheduler is loaded, all servers that serve the 
application/system which embeds Job Scheduler must be licensed. A server 
license includes access for an unlimited number of users to connect from 
either inside the corporate local area network (LAN), wide area network (WAN), 
or outside the firewall.

Active/Passive. The only permissible exception to the above requirements for a 
server license is a purely passive machine or server in an active/passive 
fail-over cluster. If the Software is used in a clustered environment, the 
licensee may use the Software on a temporary basis on a machine or server that 
is employed only for fail-over support (the "passive machine or server") as 
long as the number of CPUs/Cores on the passive machine or server does not 
exceed the number of CPUs/Cores on the licensee�s primary active machine or 
server. In this configuration, the passive machine or server does not require a 
server license. Active/active configurations require licensing both machines or 
servers as usual.

You are not permitted to:
  (a) make copies of, or distribute any parts of the Software.
  (b) rent, lease, sublicense, loan, copy, modify, alter, adapt, merge, 
      translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or repackage the Software into 
      another product, or to disassemble it or create derivative works, based 
      on the whole, or any part, of the Software or its associated 
      documentation. Reverse engineering and modification however is permitted 
      for those parts of the Software that are based on third party libraries, 
      which are licensed under a different license, but only if required by 
      that license or in case of statutory provisions.
  (c) copy the Software for the purpose of illegal distribution.

SOS will provide you with an unlock key which enables the use of the Software 
license. The information contained in the unlock key will include among others 
the type of license and the number of licensed servers. You might also have to 
provide the names of the machine on which the Software will be installed. SOS 
further reserves the right to introduce and use appropriate license enforcement 
techniques in its software, which are designed to prevent illegal use or 
distribution of the Software. The license enforcement techniques might require 
activation of the Software license. This will not require establishing a 
temporary network connection to a SOS web service. SOS reserves all rights to 
modify the license enforcement techniques used in the Software at any time.

If you possess an evaluation or demonstration license of the Software, you may 
download, install and use the Software on your machine for evaluation or 
demonstration purposes only. You are not allowed to use the evaluation or 
demonstration license for commercial or production purposes. The evaluation and 
demonstration licenses might be time limited and may include other restrictions 
in terms of functionality.

Application Service Provider (ASP). An ASP is a service firm which deploys, 
manages, and delivers application capabilities to multiple entities from a data 
centre, across a wide area network, and/or through centrally-located machine(s) 
or server(s) under a "rental" or lease agreement, free of charge or at cost. 
Except for the limitation described below, the server license of the Software 
can be utilized as part of an ASP service offering whereby you provide 
web-based software and hosting of that software for use by third parties for a 
fee or free of charge.

Limitation of ASP utilization. You are not permitted to use the server license 
of the Software as part of your ASP service in order to offer job scheduling 
functionality, which substantially duplicates the functionality of the Software. 
Job Scheduler functionality as part of any kind of ASP offering is only 
permitted as long as the Job Scheduler functionality remains an inferior 
functionality as part of a superior ASP feature set and/or service.


  3. FEES
All of your rights und the Software license are contingent upon your payment of 
all applicable license fees. If such fees have not been paid prior to your 
acceptance of the Software license, you agree to pay such fees promptly 
thereafter and before using the Software.


  4. SUPPORT AND MAINTENANCE
SOS offers different service and maintenance levels, you may elect to purchase 
support in addition to the Software license. Further information pertaining to 
the available service levels and pricing are available on the following 
separate documents: 
  - Job Scheduler Pricing (current as of 21st of June, 2010) 
  - Job Scheduler Service Levels (current as of 21st of June, 2010)

The purchase of licences and any of the support levels only covers services as 
described in the above documents. Technical support only covers issues or 
questions resulting directly out of the operation of the Software and SOS will 
not provide you with generic consultation, assistance, or advice as a part of 
the purchased licences or support under any circumstances. If any such services 
such as consultation are required, this will be regulated in a separate 
agreement.

Updating the Software may require the updating of software not covered by this 
Agreement before installation. Updates of the operating system and application 
software not specifically covered by this Agreement are your responsibility and 
will not be provided by SOS under this Agreement.

SOS' obligations under this Article 3 are contingent upon your proper use of 
the Software and your compliance with the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement at all times. SOS shall be under no obligation to provide the above 
technical support if, in SOS' opinion, the Software has failed due to the 
following conditions: (i) damage caused by the relocation of the Software to 
another location; (ii) alterations, modifications or attempts to change the 
Software without SOS� written approval; (iii) causes external to the Software, 
such as natural disasters, the failure or fluctuation of electrical power, or 
computer equipment failure; or (iv) your failure to maintain the Software at 
SOS' specified release level.

It will be your responsibility to: (i) comply with all SOS-specified operating 
and troubleshooting procedures and then notify SOS immediately of the Software 
malfunction and provide SOS with complete information thereof; (iii) provide 
for the security of your confidential information; (iv) establish and maintain 
backup systems and procedures necessary to reconstruct lost or altered files, 
data or programs.


  4. TERM
This Agreement is effective until you terminate it by destroying the Software 
and/or its documentation, together with all copies. This agreement will also 
terminate if you fail to abide by its terms. Upon termination, you agree to 
destroy all copies of the Software, and its documentation, including any of the 
Software stored on the hard disk of any server/computer under your control.

The use of the Software and all your rights under this Agreement are contingent 
upon your payment of all applicable license fees. Any use of the Software 
without paying the applicable license fees is a breach of this Agreement and 
results in termination of the Software license.


  5. OWNERSHIP
The Software is licensed to you. You do not own it. The Owner shall at all 
times retain ownership of the Software as well as all subsequent copies 
thereof, regardless of form or storage medium. The owner also retains the 
title, and all proprietary rights to the Software, including, but not limited 
to, all patent, copyright, trade secret, service marks, registered service 
marks, trademark or registered trademark rights.

You agree to protect the confidentiality of the Software, the documentation as 
well as any accompanying written materials. You agree that you will not provide 
a copy of the Software or documentation or any accompanying written materials 
nor divulge any proprietary information of SOS to any person, other than your 
employees, without the prior consent of SOS. You shall use the best efforts to 
see that any user of the Software licensed hereunder complies with all 
provisions and prohibitions this Agreement. The Software may include third 
party libraries which may be licensed under different license terms included in 
the Software distribution package. You must accept and comply with those third 
party license terms.


  6. HIGH-RISK-ACTIVITIES
The Software is not designed or intended for use in hazardous environments 
requiring failsafe controls, including without limitation operation or 
maintenance of any nuclear facilities, online control of aircraft, air traffic, 
aircraft navigation or aircraft communications, and life support or weapons 
systems, in which the failure of the Software could lead to death, personal 
injury, or serve physical or environmental damage. SOS specially disclaims any 
express or implied warranty of fitness for such high-risk activities.


  7. ASSUMPTION OF RISK 
You acknowledge that due to the complexity of the Software, it is possible that 
use of the Software could lead to the unintentional loss or corruption of data. 
You assume all risks of such data loss or corruption. The warranties provided 
in this License do not cover any damage or losses resulting from data loss or 
corruption.


  8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY 
THE OWNER DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE FOLLOWING: THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE FREE FROM 
BUGS, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS, THAT IT WILL PERFORM WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, THAT THE 
SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL 
BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED, 
OR THAT NEW RELEASES AND/OR UPGRADES OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE PROVIDED. THE 
SOFTWARE, ANY INFORMATION, CODES, AND/OR EXECUTABLES PROVIDED, IS SUPPLIED "AS 
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IN CASE OF A WARRANTY CLAIM, SOS SHALL BE 
ENTITLED AT ITS DISCRETION TO EITHER REMEDY THE FAULT OR TO MAKE A SUBSTITUTE 
DELIVERY. IF A SUBSEQUENT IMPROVEMENT FAILS, OR IF NO SUBSTITUTE DELIVERY IS 
MADE WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME THE LICENSEE SHALL BE ENTITLED TO ASSERT HIS 
RIGHT TO CANCELLATION OF THE CONTRACT OR DIMINUTION OF THE PURCHASE PRICE WITH 
RESPECT TO THE DEFECTIVE CONTRACT SOFTWARE.

DAMAGE CLAIMS AS A RESULT OF CULPA IN CONTRAHENDO, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR 
TORTIOUS ACTS AGAINST SOS ARE EXCLUDED EXCEPT (I) IN CASES OF WRONGFUL INTENT 
OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, (II) IN THE EVENT OF AN ASSUMPTION OF AN EXPRESS QUALITY 
GUARANTY (IN GERMAN: BESCHAFFENHEITSGARANTIE) OR AN EXPRESS DURABILITY GUARANTY 
(IN GERMAN: HALTBARKEITSGARANTIE), AND/OR (III) DAMAGES CAUSED BY ANY HARM TO 
LIFE, BODY OR HEALTH. THIS EXCLUSION SHALL NOT APPLY IN CASES OF ORDINARY 
NEGLIGENCE IF MATERIAL CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS HAVE BEEN VIOLATED, BUT IN THIS 
CASE EACH PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE ONLY FOR COMPENSATION OF TYPICAL, FORESEEABLE 
DAMAGES. ANY LIABILITY FOR INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES E.G. LOST PROFITS 
SHALL BE EXCLUDED IN ALL CASES. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OWNER'S LIABILITY EXCEED 
THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE.

THE ABOVE PARAGRAPH APPLIES TO SOS, ITS LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, EXECUTIVES AND 
OTHER EMPLOYEES AND ITS VICARIOUS AGENTS. COMPULSORY LIABILITY IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE PRODUCT LIABILITY ACT SHALL REMAIN UNAFFECTED BY THIS.

SOS SHALL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR DELAY IN THE PERFORMANCE 
OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS, WHICH CAN BE ASCRIBED TO LAWFUL STRIKES OR LAWFUL 
LOCKOUTS, ANY SHORTAGES, FAILURE OF SUPPLIERS, PUBLIC DISORDER, RIOTS, FIRE, 
INUNDATION, STORM, EARTHQUAKE, WAR, ACTS OF GOVERNMENT, WORKING CONDITIONS OR 
OTHER REASONS OUTSIDE THE CONTROL OF THE RELEVANT PARTY.


  9. LAW 
This Agreement shall be governed by German laws and regulations and, as far as 
these are implemented into German law, by international treaties. Legal venue 
shall be solely Berlin, Germany.


June 2010
SOS GmbH
  
Should you have any questions concerning this Agreement, please do not hesitate 
to contact us at:

Software- und Organisations-Service GmbH
Giesebrechtstr. 15
10629 Berlin
Germany
Telephone: +49 30 86 47 90 0
Facsimile: +49 30 861 33 35
E-mail: info@sos-berlin.com
www.sos-berlin.com